USER RELATED OPERATIONS:

1.USER MANAGEMENT INTERFACE
  To add a user, MongoDB provides the db.createUser() method.
  When adding a user, you can assign roles to the user in order to grant privileges.
  **The first user created in the database should be a user administrator who has the
  privileges to manage other users.
  
2.AUTHENTICATION DATABASE
  When adding a user, you create the user in a specific database. This database 
  is the authentication database for the user.
  
  A user can have privileges across different databases; that is, a user’s 
  privileges are not limited to their authentication database.
  
3.AUTHENTICATE A USER
  To authenticate as a user, you must provide a username, password, and the 
  authentication database associated with that user.
  
  To authenticate using the mongo shell, either:

   Use the mongo command-line authentication options 
   (--username, --password, and --authenticationDatabase)
   when connecting to the mongod or mongos instance, or

   Connect first to the mongod or mongos instance, and then
   run the authenticate command or the db.auth() method 
   against the authentication database.
   
4.CENTRALIZED USER DATA
  
  MongoDB stores all user information, including name, password, 
  and the user's authentication database,in the SYSTEM.USERS 
  COLLECTION IN THE ADMIN DATABASE.
  **Do not access this collection directly but instead use the user management commands.
  
5.Sharded Cluster Users
   Shard means replica sets(for high avaliablility)

  To create users for a sharded cluster, 
  connect to the mongos instance and add the users. 
  Clients then authenticate these users through the mongos instances.
  
  To create a shard local administrative user,
  connect directly to the shard and create 
  the user.MongoDB stores shard local users in the admin database of the shard itself.

 These shard local users are completely independent from the users added to the sharded
 cluster via mongos. Shard local users are local to the shard and are inaccessible by 
 mongos.

 Direct connections to a shard should only be for shard-specific maintenance and 
 configuration. In general, clients should connect to the sharded cluster through
 the mongos.
 
6.Local Host exceptions:
The localhost exception allows you to enable access control and then create the first 
user in the system. With the localhost exception, after you enable access control, 
connect to the localhost interface and create the first user in the admin database.
The first user must have privileges to create other users, such as a user with the 
userAdmin or userAdminAnyDatabase role.
  
